[Doc] add doc for kill_spark_context_on_worker_failure parameter (#6097)
dmlc/xgboost: doc/jvm/xgboost4j_spark_tutorial.rst

* Building a Machine Learning Pipeline with XGBoost4J-Spark
* Running XGBoost4J-Spark in Production

.. note::

  **SparkContext will be stopped by default when XGBoost training task fails**.

>   To address this issue, we added a parameter **kill_spark_context_on_worker_failure** in `#6019 <https://github.com/dmlc/xgboost/pull/6019>`_ from **XGBoost4j-Spark 1.2.0**. When **kill_spark_context_on_worker_failure** is set to **false**, the SparkContext will not be stopped even XGBoost training task fails, instead, we throw out the exception. So for the users who want to continue using SparkContext should **try catch** the training code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  XGBoost4J-Spark 1.2.0+ exposes a parameter **kill_spark_context_on_worker_failure**. Set **kill_spark_context_on_worker_failure** to **false** so that the SparkContext will not be stopping on training failure. Instead of stopping the SparkContext, XGBoost4J-Spark will throw an exception instead. Users who want to re-use the SparkContext should wrap the training code in a try-catch block.
```

Author: Thx @hcho3
